The Joe Rogan.
Experience is not okay.
I did the last movie Chris Farley ever did was dirty work. So I'm in the mood.
And after right after dirty work, right before he passed away, uh,
he hosted Saturday night live. So norm was still doing weekend updates.
So norm called me up and said, listen, Farley's out of control.
Will Coke come to the party after the show? Cause I got,
you gotta help me watch him. Like that's how bad he was. I had to help one.
I had to help watch them. Okay. So this is, this is how fast norm is. Now.
This is a Testament to Norm's witness.
So I'm at the party and norm was talking to somebody and I say,
I'm watching Chris I'm on Coke. I'm coked up. So, so,
so I see Farley disappeared into a bathroom with auntie Dick. Oh,
okay. Him and Andy going to a bathroom. They come out five minutes later,
like giggling Norman comes over to me and goes, what's going on with Chris?
I go bad nose, bro. He goes, what? I go, he went into a bathroom with Andy Dick.
I said,
there's only two reasons a man goes into a bathroom with anti-tech and neither
one of them's good. And norm looked to me without missing a beat. He said, holy.
I hope he's high.
Holy. I hope he's high.
[inaudible] good news.
Oh, Chris Farley showed up on the set of news radio one day to visit Andy.
And he said he had the complexion of wet cardboard.
I've never seen a man look more unhealthy.
To a strip club with him and Toronto.
He shot the we'll get the rod there had chicks hanging. I mean,
he was just like, oh.
Yeah,
she took a picture of him foam coming out of his mouth, laying on the ground.
You.
Knew what I was going to end. That's the people you're around.
Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. It's like, yeah.
I met Quentin. I was at a film festival in sieges, Spain.
It's a science fiction, fantasy film festival as a guest. And um,
I, I was there. I that's where I met Peter Jackson. We actually,
he had sat next to me in a screening and we became friends and, and uh,
he had his movie brain dead. Have you ever seen that? Oh, it's really good.
It's really fun. It's really gory, but funny gory, um, and really clever.
Um, but anyway, when did he make that? Well,
this was like in the nineties or something, I guess I, uh,
I'm real bad with dates, you know, but anyways, we were sitting and talking and,
and Freddy Francis who was a director and a director of photography for it,
did a lot of hammer movies and Stuart Freeborn was there and we're sitting in
this thing and there was this big kind of goofy kid walking around, you know?
And, and I thought he was just like a fan. So I said,
come on over and sit down with us. You know, when we started talking and go,
what are you doing here? And you know,
he was obviously like an American and he goes, I have a film here, you know,
and it was reservoir dogs. And we went to see it.
And I actually left in the scene where they're torturing the cop. It's funny.
People think I gory gory stuff, you know, cause I've done it in films,
but real stuff. And if it's really intensely done on a film like that was,
I mean, I thought he was gonna let this guy out light this guy in fire.
That he's where he's got the cop in a chair at one point I just said, I can't,
I don't want to see this. So I left. And so did west crave and yeah.
And we went, uh, and he got so jazzed by that, you know,
get out of the west crave and couldn't take my movie and Rick baker couldn't
take my movie so cool.
That's awesome. But I met this prostitute in lake Tahoe.
She was, she had come to my show and she was like, you know, in Nevada, it's,
it's all legal. And so she, I go,
what's the weirdest client that you ever had. And she goes, well,
I don't know if you're ready for this,
but I met this guy and he lived in Colorado and he had been in,
in Nevada, liked her, said, she said, she's up for anything,
sends a jet to take her to Colorado. Oh Jesus.
They go to Denver to some five-star hotel,
come up to the suite presidential suite and they come in and she's like,
I have no idea what this is about. And he goes, now this is going to be weird,
but it's not going to hurt you. Just go with it. I think.
I know where this.
Room service shows up. Guy's got a tray,
he's got four plates of hamburger, meat, uncooked,
just hamburger, meat tips, the guy leaves. And he says,
what I want you to do is take this meat.
I'm going to get naked and you're going to take handfuls of it and shove it up
my.
I didn't think it was.
Going there. Five pounds of hamburger meat.
He just stood there and she kept stuffing it up. Stuffing out, no erection,
no sex, no touching her. And then back on the jet,
back to Nevada.
So he's a wealthy guy. He.
Paid her a ton of money. Oh my.
I'm surprised. But I'm not surprised. Like if you said, would you bet your life,
that there's a guy out there that sent a private jet to get a prostitute and
take her to a nice restaurant and then paid her to stuff, hamburger,
meat up his. If you're wrong, you die. Yeah. I go, yeah. Pick it up.
Right. Right. A million monkeys typing, you know?
Yeah. I mean, I'm not, I'm not, I'm, I'm surprised, but I'm not stunned. Right.
I'm not like no way. I don't believe that. Yeah. I believe it.
Well, and the F the funny thing is like, I don't get the sense.
This guy is on a chat room talking to other guys that stuff,
ground beef up their. This is his thing.
That's his, that's a personal thing.
He's got so much money that his mind just goes to places and
he can indulge it. He can just go. Yeah, I'll try that.
And the biggest problem is actually even.
The fentanyl itself, it's the fentanyl precursors.
And do you know what those are? The chemicals.
That are used to make fentanyl. Exactly.
Yeah. And so that was sort of the main investigation in my book.
Like almost like, um,
80 pages of the book are dedicated to this one company. Um,
they're called Yuan.
Chung is Chinese company that makes more fentanyl precursors
than any company in the world. You know, they, um, they they're legit.
And not only that,
they sell them to the Mexican cartels and they're totally, um,
sanctioned, not only sanctioned by the Chinese government,
but they get tax breaks from the Chinese government. They get, um, subsidies,
they get their land subsidized, their staff training, things like that.
And that was sorta the most jaw dropping, uh,
revelation that I had was that the Chinese government is not only failing to
crack down, but they're encouraging this industry.
Wow. They're encouraging the industry. That's insane. So it's just the, the,
the, the idea is, look, it's making a lot of money.
Let's just keep making money.
Yeah. It's um,
a lot of people ask me if they think this is a blatant conspiracy
to,
to try to like inflict harm upon the U S a subversive form of
warfare. And so I think it didn't start out that way.
I think that these,
these benefits were given so that China could increase its exports could
grow its economy, particularly when it comes to chemical exports.
So that's why these tax credits started they're called value added tax
rebates.
And so what that means is any chemical that you
use to, to, um, any, uh,
ingredients you use to make a chemical for exports,
you can write off the costs of those,
of those ingredients when you export it.
So basically it's like a 16% tax rebate.
And so they originally did that just to try to like improve their economy,
improve their exports. But what's crazy to me now is that, um,
last year in the middle of the trade war, this was, um,
at the height of when you heard about the trade war every day, you know,
Trump was raising tariffs and doing this and that right at the height of that,
China increased the tax rebate for fentanyl from
9% to 10%. So it was almost like a,
seems like a thumb in the eye. And like for fentanyl it's,
I don't know.
It's definitely seems like a big you. Yeah. Yeah.
But then the, in the New York state democratic party,
there's always been all kinds of issues.
So I bet I met with a whole bunch of really smart people about running for New
York 17, which is the district that I live in.
Like the day after I lost my gig at Sirius,
the woman had been representing that district for 33 years,
announced that she was retiring. And I was like, well, I got,
I got nothing going on.
And I've always thought about running for office and let me, you know,
seriously consider it.
I reached out to a whole bunch of people from all different walks of life,
congressmen that were in office that had been out of office, uh,
campaign coordinators. I talked to Chris Cuomo.
I talked to a whole bunch of people,
but there's one person told me that if you wanna, if you wanna win,
w w regardless of your party affiliation, uh, you have to,
there's a certain, uh,
special interest group that you had to promise you wouldn't interfere with and
make sure they got an envelope of cash. And I'm like, well, I'm not doing that.
I will tell everybody. And everywhere I go about that, what is it I can't,
because I don't have a second source. So I wouldn't say it,
but when I'm trying to get one, it's.
True. What does it rhyme with?
Uh, the special interest group, because everybody will know,
everybody will know, and it's, it's, it's dangerous. But the point is,
the point is.
What's the opposite of that special interest group.
Uh, maybe the private sector.
Right. But what would it be like? What, what would be,
what would be the thing that they're opposed to.
What would it be that they're posted you interfering with you interfering with
the way that they run their show.
But I'm saying like what, what group that we know would be opposed to that.
I could, I could tell you, it could be a religious group, a private sector,
a union, or a company, you know, a corporate interest.
It could be any one of those, the point, the point. Now,
the point is that all of those types of organizations,
pressure that you have to, I'm an honest guy. I can't,
I can't lie. I've never said anything into a microphone that I don't believe.
And that's been both to my detriment and to my benefit, I think I'm authentic.
So when I was talking about running for office, my brother's like, you gotta,
you can't, you can't lie. You can't be dishonest to people.
How are you going to do that? You'll have to sell out at least a little bit.
That was the other thing. And then I realized, I'm not sure that this district,
or, you know, the country is ready for someone like me.